This topic study the causes of major depression based on the National Epidemiologic 
Survey of Drug Use and Health Data. The first step is to establish correlation 
between major depression and the primary causes of it.  In this phase, this 
study intends to dig quantitative insights for people with sleeping pattern, different age,  
genetic history and social phobia issues, and quantify how these variables factor in to cause  
major depression or exacerbate the symptoms.  The second step is to use all these 
studied predictors to build a predictive model, to  predict whether a person has a major 
depression or not based on the data from his or her sleeping pattern, age group, 
genetic history and social phobia. 

There are established correlation between sleeping disorder and major depression
as suggested by https://sleepfoundation.org/sleep-disorders-problems/depression-and-sleep.
It seems that this correlation applies to all people, and thus it is interesting to 
quantify the effect of sleeping disorder with all the other factors, like age, genetic history, 
and social phobia issues. For example, it is possible to have the following hypothesis: 
older people with sleeping trouble for more than 2 weeks 
are more likely to develop a major depression than young people. 


Other previous study has also investigated how major depression could happen in people
with different age groups, and this can be shown in this following article. 
Effect of age at onset on the course of major depressive disorder.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17898345.

Social phobia may be very different under different cases. Some social phobia are caused by 
illness, pain or discomfort, while others not. In general, social phobia 
are considered to be one factor that causing a major depression. 
http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=55170
This study will investigate the effect of social phobia that is not caused by physical condition.
DSOCPDXSNI12 is the variable to use for the study of this purpose.

Finally, genetic history is sometimes believed to be partially responsible for a major depression.  
There are researches that shows the depressive illnesses can run in families, while others present
a different views. 
http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/depression-when-its-all-in-the-family
http://www.allaboutdepression.com/cau_03.html
Hence, it is interesting to use the National Epidemiologic Survey of Drug Use and Health Data
to investigate the correlation between genetic history and major depression. 

Having done with the investigation of each individual factors, and quantify their 
influences on major depression. This study will finally study the combined effect, 
and find out how these variables combines together to cause a major depression. 
The goal is to find a pattern to predict whether an individual has a major 
depression or not based on the survey data on his or her sleeping pattern, 
age group, genetic history, and social phobia potentions. 









